Updated documentation for using Ollama with cell magics on non-default port (#1370)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/users/index.md

You can install it with `pip install langchain-ollama` (as of Feb'2025 it is not available on conda-forge).
:::

>     If you have Ollama installed on a remote server or run locally on a different port than the default (port 11434), you should ensure that the new URL is available in the environment. For example, you first start the Ollama server from the command line (one way is shown here with a different port number):
>     ```
>     OLLAMA_HOST=127.0.0.1:11000 ollama serve
>     ```
> 
>     Second, in your notebook, add the following lines of code:
>     ```
>     %load_ext jupyter_ai_magics
>     os.environ["OLLAMA_HOST"] = "http://localhost:11000"
>     ```
> 
>     Then, run the prompt in your code block with the `%%ai` magic and model in the first line:
>     ```
>     %%ai ollama:llama3.2
>     What is a transformer?
>     ```

Reviewer: I suggest rephrasing this by:

- Using shorter sentences that go step-by-step starting at first principles,
- Mentioning how to do this in chat,
- Dropping the example showing how to serve Ollama on a custom IP address and port number. If the user doesn't know how to do that, they almost certainly won't be reading this section anyways.

```suggestion

By default, Ollama is served on `127.0.0.1:11434` (locally on port `11434`), so Jupyter AI expects this by default. If you wish to use a remote Ollama server with a different IP address or a local Ollama server on a different port number, you have to configure this in advance.

To configure this in the chat, set the "Base API URL" field in the AI settings page to your Ollama server's custom IP address and port number: 

<TODO: screenshot>

To configure this in the magic commands, you should set the `OLLAMA_HOST` environment variable to the your Ollama server's custom IP address and port number in a new code cell:

    ```
    %load_ext jupyter_ai_magics
    os.environ["OLLAMA_HOST"] = "http://localhost:11000"
    ```

After running that cell, the AI magic command can then be used like so:

    ```
    %%ai ollama:llama3.2
    What is a transformer?
    ```
```
